SOLR-17544: Prevent conflicting connection flags from being used via OptionGroup (#2725)
apache/solr: solr/CHANGES.txt

* SOLR-16116: Apache Curator is now used to manage all Solr Zookeeper interactions. This should provide more stability in the Solr-Zookeeper interactions.
  The solrj-zookeeper module, now has a dependency on curator. (Houston Putman, Kevin Risden, Mike Drob, David Smiley)

> * SOLR-17544: Solr CLI will now warn you when you use multiple options and only one is a valid choice.  Combining -s and -z is most common example.  (Eric Pugh, Christos Malliaridis)

Reviewer: The OptionGroup interrupts as far as I know, "warn" is mildly expressed.

```suggestion
* SOLR-17544: Solr CLI will stop when you combine mutually exclusive options.  Combining -s and -z is most common example.  (Eric Pugh, Christos Malliaridis)
```
